---
path: /Greetings-from-Harmony-Baseball-Academy
date: 2020-06-02T18:12:24.291Z
title: Greetings from Harmony Baseball Academy
---
My name is Giowou Arsel.  I am the founder of the Harmony Baseball Academy. Our vision is to promote the favorite pastime of the United States to the Cameroonian people.  Baseball has been my passion since I was a child.  In 2013, I had the honor of being qualified among the children who would represent Cameroon in Japan at the WCBF (World Children's Baseball Fair).  I hope every child in our nation can have such a wonderful experience! Today we have around fifty children playing ball in the Yaoundé region.  Although it is difficult to buy baseball equipment here in Cameroon, we are content with what we have and improvise for what we do not have.  Children love the game and are as excited about it as I am.  In addition to teaching them how to play ball, our goal is also to build good character in their lives by teaching them things like teamwork, fair play and reliability.  And furthermore, we tell the children to live a good moral life on the field - lives that please God and make them better citizens of their country.Here in Cameroon, baseball is a sport that is  not developed. My goals and my dreams are to build a baseball stadium in Cameroon, to train great players, to make training camps for coaches and players, to invite foreigners to come here to Cameroon to teach more and develop  our players, bringing the love of baseball to children, giving children opportunities through baseball. We are in need of assistance to purchase equipment and continue to move toward our long term goal of building the first baseball stadium in Cameroon. We are looking for sponsorships and and volunteers to help support our mission. Our immediate needs include equipment including jerseys, pants, gloves, nets, bats, shoes, balls tee, bags, and volunteers.